[DOCS] Links transforms in aggregation docs (#52563)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/aggregations/misc.asciidoc

also contains information about the type of the targeted field: `lterms` (for a terms aggregation on a Long field),
 `sigsterms` (for a significant terms aggregation on a String field), `tdigest_percentiles` (for a percentile
 aggregation based on the TDigest algorithm).
 

[[indexing-aggregation-results]]
== Indexing aggregation results with {transforms}
 

> {ref}/transforms.html[Transforms] enable you to convert existing {es} indices 

Reviewer: Not a mandatory change, but this link is within the same book:
```suggestion
<<transforms,{transforms-cap}>> enable you to convert existing {es} indices 
```
